
Express Server with Login and Signin Functionality
This is an Express server with two endpoints that allow users to signin and login. The server uses JWT for authentication and authorization. The server is designed to work with a database of users, and can be easily modified to work with various database systems.

Prerequisites
Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

You have Node.js installed on your local machine.
You have a database of users.
Installing the Server
To install the server, follow these steps:

Clone the repository to your local machine.
Run npm install to install all dependencies.
Create a .env file in the root directory of the project with the following variables:
css
Copy code
JWT_SECRET=[your JWT secret]
Run npm start to start the server.
Endpoints
Signin
The /signin endpoint allows users to create an account. The endpoint accepts a JSON object with the following properties:

username: a string representing the user's username.
password: a string representing the user's password.
If the username is already taken, the server will return a 300 status code with a JSON object containing the message "username already exists". If the user is successfully created, the server will return a 200 status code with a JSON object containing the user's information.

Login
The /login endpoint allows users to login to their account. The endpoint accepts a JSON object with the following properties:

username: a string representing the user's username.
password: a string representing the user's password.
If the user does not exist or the password is incorrect, the server will return a 300 status code with a JSON object containing an error message. If the user is successfully authenticated, the server will return a 200 status code with a JSON Web Token (JWT) that can be used to authenticate future requests.

Built With
Express - The web framework used
JWT - JSON Web Tokens for authentication and authorization
dotenv - Environment variables management
cors - Cross-origin resource sharing
